Ok, so i plotted the daily values for a couple of typical days, and noticed some periodic trend which looks like
each dayly cycle could be approximated with a 5th or 6th degree polynomial, though i'm going to come back to this. 
I then plotted the daily average for a couple of typical months, and noticed no trend, so i checked the qq-norm
plots for the daily averages for all years for any given month, and they appear to be normally distributed.
I then plotted the dayly average across the entire dataset, and noticed a periodic function.
I then plotted the monthly average, and overlayed them for each year. There does not look to be a trend between 
the averages relative to the years.
Ok, with all this in mind, to compare this historical data to later years i'm going to 
1) determine the parameters for the normal distribution of daily values for each month
2) determine the function that best fits the daily power demands for any given day.
3) determine the function that best fits the mean of the monthly average over the course of a year



1)
After plotting the monthly standard deviation for all months, there is a definate periodic pattern with a yearly
period. 
ok, for each month i determinde the confidence interval for both parameters, so we may do a comparison to the 
actual 2020 data.
Either way, for now the estimates for the mean and sd are enough to generate the predicted dataset.

2)
I plotted the hourly values for every day, with every year overlayed, and the hourly value does seem to fit some function
across each year, with a couple of exceptions.
I then made a function which will fit the best polynomial it can to the average hourly values over all years
for any given day.

Ok, i made my first model to predict the next year, and when looking at the output, i notice it looks significantly 
different to the traning data. I think my assumption that the montly distributions were normal is incorrect.
So i'm instead going to fit the montly distributions to a binomial mixed model distribution.